You've arrived at Valdstafar!

The gas giant Valdstafar is the richest celestial body in all the skies, both literally and metaphorically. The precious natural gases of its atmosphere funded the
foundation of sky city currently dominating half of the planet's face, but the city itself was built as a temple to excess. The local government is composed of a loose
alliance between mining guilds and criminal enterprises, and they've invested their infrastructure into a realm of debauchery. Pleasure palaces and casinos mar the streets,
some the size of whole city districts. Endless signs and holograms barrage the senses, each promising physical gratification, more instantaneous than the last. A maze of
transporter chutes and catwalks jut through the smog, ferrying the populace from wonder to wonder. Your ship breaks through the aquamarine cloud cover, and is immediately
bathed in the neon lights of the city below. Valdstafar City stretches before you, an overbloated barge afloat a ephemeral sea of green vapours. This place was built to 
dazzle and distract, to corrupt and contain its victims within a cage of inescapable debt. The city will show you everything you could ever want, and will do its damnest to 
obscure all that you need.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[1] DESCEND UPON THE CITY

You share a brief exchange over transponder with the harbor master and, after rebuffing his extortion attempts, secure a landing pad with no docking fee. You can't believe
your luck, until the coordinates lead you further and further into the underbelly of the city. The constant of the cold technicolor lights above hardly reach down here. A 
murky smog of soot and dust cakes the steel walls as well as one's sinuses. Hostile glares and furtive faces peer out of darkened alleyways as you pass. Finally, you arrive
to your destination: a derelict port housing a rusted, decomissioned steamer. There is barely room for your own ship as you nuzzle in next to the ravaged vessel. You 
disembark to find a welcome party waiting for you; a ragtag gaggle of hooligans stand idly by, brandishing pipe clubs, wicked shivs, and illegally modified hand cannons. The
largest is a purple skinned cyclopean brute with a caved in nose narrows his reptilian eye at your approach. You ostensibly take him to be the ringleader, til he steps aside
to reveal a human small enough to conceal themself behind one of his legs. A pale, malnourished young woman gives you a cheshire grin from her scabbed head. Scars mask any 
other facial feature about her, like someone played a hundred rounds of tic tac toe on her face with a knife. She shakes her head patronizingly as she approaches, her dark 
dreadlocks flapping with the motion.

 "Cheeky, parking in Boss Rovar's territory without his express permission." Your heart drops to your stomach as you realize you've been finessed by the corrupt harbor 
master. How quickly he was prepared to throw your life away when you refused to bribe him. Now you've landed in a gang controlled air zone. "Heya, chump. Name's Nia. Boss's 
left hand lass. Now listen... the Boss, he's a generous guy. Keeps us on a payroll for a pretty penny to crack the skull of any interlopers. Skulls like yours, see? Any 
slight can be seen as disrespect, and we can't have anyone disrespectin the Boss. But again, he's a generous guy. So this is how it goes. We can strip you down, cut you up,
make an example outta ya. Cast lots for your loot and scuttle your ship. Or you can meet him yourself. Show him the respect he deserves, really grovel. You seem a seasoned 
sailor, been between the worlds a time or two. He could find use for a toy like you. If you're lucky, he might give you a chance to get in his good graces. If not... well, 
you'll wish it'd been us having our way with you instead of him. Now, be a doll, and don't try to be a hero. She pulls out her piece, and the lowered barrel inspires you to
sullenly fall in line. 

Grifter's Drift, the notorious and nomadic barge casino of the undercity, is Boss Rovar's seat of power. The flotilla fortress regularly patrols the sectors under his 
command, and unruly patrons are forcibly ejected by bouncers into the abyss below. With the proper access codes, Nia's granted clearance for the penthouse suites of the 
casino, and she navigates your party's skiff to the upper arches of the dirigible. Your captors unload onto the balcony below, the purple cyclops Klud breathing down your 
neck, prepared to unscrew your head from your shoulders should you try to make any sudden movements. Starglass skylight in the ceiling above filters what little light 
trickles through the smog into the room suite below, revealing walls of blue velvet and shag carpet. A thin limbed alien built like a twig with eight arms mans a 
crowdedncircular island at the center of the room, sculpted from pure Acropoli marble. It's an open bar, and the barkeep is busies himself with the requests of his clients,
serving thick gas into glasses from what looks like fourty different hookas on tap. The patrons throw the cloudy swill back greedily, and just a small spill from someone's
cup weaves its way into your nostrils, immediately giving you a buzz akin to alcoholic inebriation.

 Boss Rovar himself rests in the back on a throne of pillows. He is a lanky figure, triple jointed arms and legs concealed under a silken gold kimono from the Twilight 
Isles, embroidered with the depiction of a ouroboros consuming its own tail. He wears a matching golden mask of a grinning fox, and just as you think he's ignored your 
presence completely, he motions you forward to approach him. "Fresh meat, fallen into my grinder. How lucky I am. This could be your lucky day too, meat. I am a busy man, 
so I'll make this brief. Nia debriefed me ahead of time. I've gutted men over less than a parking violation, business is business. You are not above the rules. But I could 
make you. You scratch my back, I scratch yours? I've been looking for a smuggler, and none of my usual contacts are cheap or stupid enough to take this job. How convenient
you now stand before me. I've arranged for some cargo to be loaded onto your ship, its already being delivered as we speak. A rare specimen of wyrm. The reality is, you've
already done me a favor. This creature is the last loose end of recently ended business relation. Anyone busted by the Empire with this thing is a dead man. I've already
covered any tracks leading back to me, you are my sole scapegoat now. The beast is trapped in a special stasis chamber of Imperial design, with a special code that imbeds 
itself into the programming of any ship carrying it. If the creature dies or leaves your ship's vicinity, your signature will be flagged by every Imperial ship this side of
deep space. The end of your days will follow not long after. Your only hope in ridding yourself of this monster is Dr. Chabani on Titiana. She is the only one with both
vested interest in the specimen and the tools to disarm its container. I've already sent word for her to expect someone, should you evade the authorities. Consider this a 
test: to prove your competence to me, return successfully from Titiana. I'll reimburse you for your troubles and even have some more work for you. I can even get you access
to the upper city, and your own personal landing pad. Now chop chop, back to your ship! The authorities have just realized that their precious cargo is missing, and have 
begun making their rounds."

YOU RECEIVED A HIBERNATING WYRMLING




Welcome to Mars:

This Planet is quite unsafe to visit. As soon as you enter into the atmosphere tiny molecules of
spinel are inhaled and absorbed. Causing and strong desire to go to battle.

If you are able to manage the fury, there are valuable things to be obtained here.

Upon landing, there is a department store called "Weapons are Us", and an abandoned hospital nearby.

From Here, you can go reach Wormwood Planet and {}.

