"My sister lives in Loamstone," the Navigator explains cooly as you both engulf yourselves into crowded platforms of one
of Acropolis' many chronorail stations. Acropoli craftsmen are among the finest in all the Planes, and here they have
woven an intricate rail system amid the stalactites of the roof. Carriages resembling bathyspheres of brass and glass
glide smoothly along a dozen different tracks that resemble the teeth of a cog. Clockwork gears and intricacies juggle
passengers from rail to rail to prevent collisions and maintain a constant flow of traffic. Your Navigator covers the
fare and you both board an orb car. She explains the boroughs of the city to you while in transit, of how Loamstone is a
farming village on the outskirts and her upbringing there with her sister on their parent's mushroom fields. As you
depart the warmth of city's amber light deeper into the caverns, a subtler glow of color emits from the darkness below.
Forests of luminescent fungi, tall as trees, thicken the landscapes of Loamstone. It is a mycologists' dream, mushrooms
of all dimensions and color bathe the floor in a technicolor cloud, their light reflecting against crystals scattered
among the cave. Industrious fungerjacks in earth tone flannels fell the mightiest stalks with their axes. Harvesters
range from homesteaders re-sporing deforested land to massive plantations that work acres of verdant lichen. Rangers
wander the borders of the forest's light, keeping the worst of the darkness' predators at bay for the townsfolk.

Loamstone's chronorail station is perched atop the cap of a cyan agaricus the size of a tower, and you disembark onto
the soft fruity flesh of its platforms. You descend the tower and the Navigator hires a plough wagon, drawn by a mole as
large as a bear and shaggy as a yak. Your craft cuts easily through the rugged, rural roads as the beast of burden
burrows forward. Eventually you arrive to an underground lake, the shore festooned with stalagmites which have been
hollowed out into a family's personal compound. The Reticent Rancher tends a garden of morels at the water's edge,
oblivious to your approach. She looks up as you reach the garden gate, and her weathered face regards you with narrowed
eyes and pursed lips. Recognition blooms as the Navigator takes a step forward and embraces her sister. There is a brief
exchange of trembling words, harsh and hushed, followed by an even shorter window of silence before the sisters collapse
to their knees still cradled in each others' arms. The Navigator sobs weakly as the Rancher sings a keening dirge in her
deep contralto voice. You respect their moment together and idle the time away exploring the grounds, until you return
once the garden has grown silent. You see the Navigator entering the compound and being swarmed by her ecstatic nieces
and nephews, while the Rancher heads in your direction. She maintains a carefully blank expression as she speaks.

"My sister is dead. Her heart has only ever belonged to the sky. She ran away from home you know, to wander the heavens
and discover its bounties." A corner of her mouth almost imperceptibly curls to a half smirk. "Leaving me down here to
tend after mum and pop, but that's alright. I've always loved it here, and I knew she was meant for more than this patch
of dirt could afford her. But now..." A slight shudder runs through her and she sighs as she recomposes herself. "She's
been sun-smitten, and its kiss has left an indelible mark upon her. She is tough, I believe it will take years, but she
will eventually succumb to that foul creature's call and be consumed in its radiations. She is now a living ghost,
graciously given time to set her affairs in order, all because of you Captain. For that, you have my gratitude. Thank
you for allowing this final farewell." She kisses you on the forehead. "We Acropoli are renown for our hardiness and
crafting, but we possess a rich spiritual practice as well. Life here is perilous, and we venerate those with the most
dangerous professions as the living dead, treating them with reverence, always expecting our last interaction with them
to be the final. I always hoped she would grow sated with adventure one day, and retire back to the farm. Now I know
that is a fantasy. She will spend the rest of her days among the stars, and will never leave your side, Captain. I shall
carve her effigy upon our ancestral mourning cairn, next to our parent's likeness, and hold their spirits in my heart."

The Reticent Rancher produces a delicate flowery fungus from her satchel. It shines like citrine as she hands it to you.
"A parting gift, the least I can do. Your travels will inevitably lead you to the boreal swamps of the planet Ch'tak.
I have cultivated this strain of mycena for over a decade. It has... unique properties. Such a specimen may grant you a
warmer welcome among the locals. And please, take some of our harvest with you. If you ever find yourself here again,
you are free to avail yourself to our crops." The Navigator returns from inside, and nods at you with a wink.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YOU RECEIVED A DREAMCAP!

IN FUTURE VISITS TO ACROPOLIS, YOU MAY NOW TRAVEL TO LOAMSTONE!
The Reticent Rancher will allow you to gather your own mushrooms, where you may brave the dark and spores to refill your
galley. You will net +10 Food for -20 Sanity. This deal is useful if you're sound of mind but low on foodstuffs.

[1] RETURN TO THE PLOUGH WAGON- Back to city, your crew, your ship.
