"Captain! A moment, if you will?", a chipper young woman aks you. You turn and are surprised to find yourself
face to face with what appears to be a mummy. The whole right side of her face as well as most of her body are tightly
wound in bandages, and a long lined aviator's jacket drapes easily from her shoulders. The left side of her face reveals
a friendly smile of charming, crooked teeth and a pupil that shines with silver light. "Listen Cap, someone round here's
gonna go gossipping to you bout me anyways, so I figure ye ought to hear it from me first. I was a navigator on the
'Lady Jenny'. A damn fine navigator, for a damn fine ship. But the crew...

"Have you ever heard of Siren-Suns? They weave the most wondrous light and their warmth is seductive. Our captain set a
course that neared one's orbit, and equipped us with safety gear to protect our heads and hearts as we passed. But one
foolish sailor hadn't properly fastened his goggles, and the sun's allure influenced him instantly. Possessed, he began
ripping goggles off the faces of his fellows, and a mutiny of sun smitten supplicants multiplied across the ship. They
commandeered the Jenny. They flung ol' captain off the side. I tried to fight, but was pinned back by the lot of em as
they took the helm and steered us toward oblivion.

"I shielded my gaze against its whispering rays, while they blinded themselves staring into that blazing beauty. The
reverie broke when their eyes began to bubble, but by then we didn't have much longer before the rest of our selves
followed suite. I blindly reached for the helm and veered us off course. I remember nary after that. These turtle
priests found us. They specialize in the the treatment of star ailments. Wrapped me up good here. Rest of my boys was
cooked, and consigned to the skies. Now I need outta here, but this superstitious lot think me cursed!

"My home world is Acropolis, the marbled desert of riches. These turtles nest near it, but its entry is well guarded by
a perilous asteroid field. Please, take me aboard, Captain. I've known that death trap my whole life, and can safely get
us through. I'll diligently serve you afterward too, I just... need to let my family there know what's happened to me."
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[1] INVITE THE SUN SEARED NAVIGATOR ABOARD

[2] Leave.
