A morchella on eight vined tentacles abrubtly stops as it scuttles by you, veering back around. Its honeycombed cap puckers 
tenuously at something in the air you can't quite perceive, til it points aggresively at your pack. It continues impatiently 
until you produce the Dreamcap. A shudder runs down its body, and it dashes a short distance away before turning back and 
beckons you to follow. It leads you down, to the foot of the fort, among a lake of frozen mud. On its surface lay a massive 
lotus flower, as large as your ship. You both cross the makeshift docks reaching out to it and carefully climb up into its 
center. The morchella takes a sitting positition and holds your hands in two of its tentacles. The remaining limbs gesticulate 
in a ceremonial quality before one of them drops the Dreamcap into one of the pits on its head. The creature expands as if 
taking a deep breath, the breathes out a thick cloud of starry spores that immediately succumb you to slumber...
Your eyes flutter open, and you find yourself in a golden court. There is a certain warmth and cheer in the air here. The sound 
of merriment and the smell of roses brings to your attention the fact that you are not alone. A plethora of alien characters,
each more exotic in shape and size than the last, laugh and drink around you. But you only catch vague glimpses of them from 
the corner of your eye, for your gaze is fixed upon the throne in the center of the room, and the figure perched upon it. An 
amber mushroom man lounges, eight feet tall even in a sitting position, as thick as a tree trunk, draped in finery of deepest 
sapphire and cradling a blade of shimmering Starglass between his rooted arms and legs. Sharp, fierce periwinkle pupils betray 
droopy eyelids beneath the brim of his golden cap. The camaraderie of the court drowns out as your mind fills with a voice as
fierce as sunlight and rich as honey. 
" I am Emperor Talashandra, Speaker of Posterity. What a queer creature you are, to find your way here. I sense... this is a 
dream, no? Curious creature indeed. It seems we are speaking across a gap spanning thousands of years. I suppose one of my 
spores carried out its way through the ages and came to be in your possession, affording us this conversation. What a novelty! 
Tell me little creature, what do you know of... actually, perhaps its best I not pry into the future. There may be danger in 
that knowledge. But there is no danger in sharing my knowledge with you. And so much has been lost! I sense no capacity for my 
language in your thoughts, allow my to instruct you. The foundation of all interaction is communication. In your travels you
are bound to find many that do not share your native tongue. Yet there is a older tongue that precedes the flesh. Here are the 
first word." Emperor Talashandra's words dissolve into something akin to a gutteral throat chant, deeper than any voice you've
ever heard. It threatens to dispell the dream and send you back to your time until finally, your brain buzzes with a newfound
awakening of forgotten primordial understanding. "There. May your words never be barred by ignorance again. Take this boon and
go forward as a diplomat for posterity. I feel this dream fading, and soon you will waken. Search for my gifts in the future, I
have more words for you. Next I will show you to how to speak with the very stone..."
You are already struggling to remember his words as you awake, but you feel a new power dwelling inside you. The morchella has 
continued holding you up while you entered the trance, and wriggles with delight as you come to your senses. The buzzing starts
at the edge of your consciousness again as its voice echos through your thoughts. "Oh, hello? Excellent, friend! I am this 
tribe's shaman. To bestow such a gift upon us as that Dreamcap is sacred, and we recognize you as family now. I am happy to 
answer any further questions back in the village, but shall we return for now? You're bound to get hypothermia out here if we 
stay any longer."

BACK TO THE WILDERFOLK VILLAGE [Wormwood Planet Landing]

