You have arrived at Ch'tak
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ch'tak is a frigid wetland of icefloes and fetid swamps. The mire teems with flora and fauna that will devour any ill equipped
expedition. The mud and frostbite form a grim synergy, as the former has claimed as many boots as the latter has feet. Fruits
unique to the Deep Bog pollinate the air with thick spores that cling to the insides of ones' lungs and slowly suffocate you as
they grow into barbed hairy tufts. Exotic parasites attracted to both heat and light swarm the air and waters, their buzzing
perennial as the stench of decay pervading the muck. Anything that could survive here would certainly be robust, and probably a
predatory. So imagine your surprise when you find a hospitable settlement marked in the ship's database of Imperial starcharts. 
It appears to be an abandoned outpost of the Empire, now colonized by an indigenous tribe of plant-based lifeforms. The rusty 
military base as been reclaimed by nature, and its new inhabitants have crafted a treetop village out of its overgrown 
skeleton. Gourd-like yurts hang from the canopy, intrinsically linked by a bridge network as numerous and complex as a hyphae
system. You dock upon a weathered landing pad, next to a parapet that has been repurposed into a garden. You are greeted by a 
being with the appearance of a dandelion on two legs woven out of reeds. It shakes its head, and makes a number of obscure 
gestures you cannot interpret. It knows no language you can understand, let alone a mouth to speak with, but it clearly means 
you no harm and soon waddles off. You call after it but it ignores you completely. As you enter into the village, you have 
similar luck with all you come across. Progression here may be difficult...

YOUR DREAMCAP HAS CAUGHT SOMEONES' ATTENTION



















Welcome to WormWood Cavern! 

This planet is home to the foremost experts in Absinthe creation!

Absinthe is a potion that is know to increase self-confidence and perceived charisma. Be careful
too much of it results in the consumer losing their mind.

From you can visit the Falafel House, the Wormwood Cavern or the Wormwood Farm

You can access Duramen, Mars and Chevron II from here.


