Dr. Chabani is a small, elderly feline creature of calico complexion and silver whiskers. Her fuzzy features are more covered than kempt by the oversized labcoat she sports, 
and her emerald eyes scrutinize yours behind thick rimmed spectacles. The act bears an air of authority, only slightly undermined through the medium of holocall. Her voice 
voice carries a distinct purr over the speakers, high pitched yet gravelly. "That villian Rovar informed to expect a courier. Our transmission was short, but I understand 
that you werent exactly given a choice in performing this delivery. I'm uncertain how you came into such colorful company, but although I detest the man and his methods, you
must understand we've been granted a golden opportunity here! An Imperial decree has posted a bounty for the total eradication of these great wyrms. The Empire despises 
anything they can't control, and these beautiful creatures could contained but never domesticated. A single full sized adult wyrm is more than enough to work the soil of 
dead planets, the fertilization they leave in the earth can potentially expidite our terraforming process by several centuries! A number of the powers that be have taken 
interest in these  majestic beasts, but I assure you out of all of them, we are the only one with benign intentions. The Empire lost contact with one of their wyrm transport
ships months ago, just before it was to arrive at a research base for dissection. This one is surely a byproduct of that misfortune."

"I don't cherish mingling with elements beyond the law's reach, but Rovar provided this one free of charge, under the pretense of philanthropy. Like I would ever be so naive!
More realistically, he couldn't find a buyer for this last hatchling and had too much heat to keep it without getting caught. I have devised a habitat for the wyrmling on the
surface, the original surface, where it can grow uninhibited and beyond the eyes of the Empire, to be our greatest tool yet in conquering this desolate soil into a 
sustainable environment. If this is successful, we have a vessel capable of safely and covertly transporting this creature to other planets on our agenda. You younglings may 
not remember it, but the Empire wasn't always in control. And they don't always have everyone's best interest at heart. We need to take matters into our own hands if we wish
to provide a better future for our descendants. For posterity. I will have our transport exchange the wyrmling's container and disarm the imbed code from your ship's system.
If you are a true ally to the cause and wish to help spread life across the skies, we have much work for you. And compensation, naturally. Take this. These authorization 
codes will grant you access to our research facility on the capital planet. Seek out Professor Milo there, he will make sure your efforts are duly rewarded. Bold, isn't it? 
A cell of scientists and healers dedicated to preserving all that the Empire would see snuffed out, right under their nose. There is much to be done!"

YOU RECEIVED "LEVEL: BLUE CLEARANCE CODES"
