You've arrived at Titiana!

Titiana is a world of two faces. One half is its original rugged surface. Bleak badlands battered by cosmic waves, there is little protection in its atmosphere, and what few
creatures manage to call this rock home have evolved accordingly. The other half of the planet is encased a broad bubble dome. A vast terraforming program has been underway
for centuries. Many governments and corporations have poured their greatest minds and resources into the task of creating a hospitable environment. Lush green grasslands 
surround a single, perpetually stormy ocean at the center of the dome but the fringes of the preserve remain barren, save for a creeping moss slowly covering the wastes. The
ecosystem here is a fragile thing, carefully cultivated over generations, years worth of progress could be easily wiped in a week if improperly supervised. As such, access
to the preserve follows a strict protocol of authorization and is generally prohibited to the public. Meanwhile, there is no infrastructure to speak of on the other half of
the planet. So Brrep, the smallest of Titiana's 3 moons, has been constructed into a space port, to filter and monitor all incoming traffic. Despite its foundation built 
upon corporate contracts and Imperial regulation, both the terraforming effort and port are overseen by Horticulture Collective, a guild of intergalactic environmentalists 
and agriculturalists. With the Empire's backing, there are none better suited for the monumental task of breathing life into this planet, and their continued vigil over this
project has been lifetimes in the making. You dock in at the New Arrivals Processing Center without incident.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[1] SCHEDULE A HOLOCALL WITH DR. CHABANI













Welcome to Cobatiania

This planet is covered in a fine blue dust high in cobalt.
The only purpose that this mineral seems to have is the main ingredient in fine blue pottery enamel.
Maybe someday will find something more useful to do with it.

Until then, there is only a pottery shop on this planet.

you can access mars and {} from here.


